Why the tuition forfeiture charge should be cancelled:

(1). Covid. 100% Zoom. The courses provided solid exposure but it was somewhat difficult to develop the STEM skillset alone without feedback or any interaction with other peers. While I understand this may not be entirely justified (as other undergrads clearly had to make their own accommodations due to Covid), I was trying to find a job to stay afloat while taking these courses. While that argument is not "strong" (as many undergrads work part-time or even full-time jobs while also attending and perhaps thriving in their studies), it definitely increased anxiety and fear. From experience, fear and anxiety work in direct opposition to the mindset that one needs to be successful in STEM courses.  While absolute concentration may not necessarily be required for math at all times (MATH 307, 308, 324), when developing an initial software engineering skillset (e.g. CSE 142) I argue that one cannot be "freaking out" about how they are going to pay utilities if that person wants to develop strong fundamentals. We all know that Covid was stressful for many people that were trying to get-by with limited monetary resources. Trying to take 4 STEM course while 

(2). Living below 40K / year and paying 0.15 in taxes.
Shortly after the quarter ended I secured a job at Dunn Lumber doing counter sales. At this job, I was scraping by at under 40K / yr, paying taxes dilligently. It is frustrating to not be able to take advantage of opportunities for those living "at the bottom."

(3). Never took unemployment.
Despite being unemployed for 40 months between the time I completed by undegraduate degree at SU and finally securing the lumber job at Dunn, I did not take advantage of any state funds by not collecting unemployment during this time. i was forced to live with my parent in my late 20s, which of course brings about a host of issues as well. In conjuction with (2), it becames frustrating when the money one is earning is having a sizable portion withheld do to taxes, but that the invidual tax payer is not able to recieve some type of accomodation so that they can gain a skillset that will enable them to contribute in a higher valud-add capacity of the economy and therefore experience a more stable existence.

(4). Trying to be productive with open-ended time during the second year of Covid.


(5). Little guidance / highly confused / uncertain about where all of these efforts were leading. Did I actually think that taking 4 courses in the summer would position myself to secure some type of stornger position? no. was i aware that I was enrolling without a specific, practical, and attainable plan for how to repay the tuition? yes. do i take 100% reponsibility and accountability for this? yes.

(6). Secured lumber industry job immediately after the courses ended.

(7). Am I growing in the slightest capacity whatsoever?
maybe. the software engineering is still in the background while i am working entry-level, high school deploma types of jobs, i am certaintly trying to "grow up," confront reality on paper and deal with problem a responsible adult.